update documentation to sync with github wiki (#9516)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _migration-assistant/migration-phases/removing-migration-infrastructure.md

# Removing migration infrastructure

> After a migration is complete, you should remove all resources except for the target cluster, and optionally your Amazon CloudWatch Logs and Traffic Replayer logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a migration is complete, you should remove all resources except for the target cluster and, optionally, your Amazon CloudWatch logs and Traffic Replayer logs.
```

> To remove all the AWS Cloud Development Kit (AWS CDK) stack(s) created during a deployment, run the following command within the CDK directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To remove the AWS Cloud Development Kit (AWS CDK) stack(s) created during a deployment, run the following command within the CDK directory:
```

```bash  
cd deployment/cdk/opensearch-service-migration
cdk destroy "*" --c contextId=<CONTEXT_ID>
```
{% include copy.html %}

Follow the instructions on the command line to remove the deployed resources from your AWS account.

> You can also use the AWS Management Console to remove Migration Assistant resources and confirm that they are no longer in the account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use the AWS Management Console to remove Migration Assistant resources and confirm that they are no longer present in the account.
```

## Uninstalling Migration Assistant for Amazon OpenSearch Service

> You can uninstall the Migration Assistant for Amazon OpenSearch Service solution from the AWS Management Console or by using the AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI). Manually remove the contents of the Amazon S3 bucket that matches cdk-<unique id>-assets-<account id>-<region> created by this solution. Migration Assistant for Amazon OpenSearch Service does not automatically delete Amazon S3 buckets in case you have stored data to retain. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can uninstall Migration Assistant for Amazon OpenSearch Service from the AWS Management Console or by using the AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI). Manually remove the contents of the Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket that matches cdk-<unique id>-assets-<account id>-<region> created by this solution. Migration Assistant for Amazon OpenSearch Service does not automatically delete Amazon S3 buckets. 
```

Reviewer: LGTM

> 

Reviewer: Line 26: Please rewrite the second sentence for clarity (the text surrounding cdk-<unique id>-assets-<account id>-<region> is confusing).

To remove all the CDK stack(s) which get created during a deployment you can execute a command similar to below within the CDK directory

```bash
cd deployment/cdk/opensearch-service-migration
cdk destroy "*" --c contextId=<CONTEXT_ID>
```
{% include copy.html %}

Follow the instructions on the command-line to remove the deployed resources from the AWS account.

The AWS Management Console can also be used to remove Migration Assistant resources and confirm that they are no longer in the account.

## Uninstalling Migration Assistant for Amazon OpenSearch Service

> You can uninstall the Migration Assistant for Amazon OpenSearch Service solution from the AWS Management Console or by using the AWS Command Line Interface. Manually remove the contents of the bucket that matches `cdk-<unique id>-assets-<account id>-<region>` created by this solution. Migration Assistant for Amazon OpenSearch Service does not automatically delete S3 buckets in case you have stored data to retain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can uninstall the Migration Assistant for Amazon OpenSearch Service solution from the AWS Management Console or by using the AWS Command Line Interface. Manually remove the contents of the bucket that matches `cdk-<unique id>-assets-<account id>-<region>` created by this solution. Migration Assistant for Amazon OpenSearch Service does not automatically delete S3 buckets in case you have stored data to retain. To delete the stored data and the CouldFormation stacks created by Migration Assistant, use the following steps:
```

Author: oh I see why that line removal change was made. looks good

1. Sign in to the **CloudFormation console**.

> 2. On the **Stacks** page, select this solution’s installation stack. Depending on what options you enabled for the deployment, the solution creates different AWS CloudFormation stacks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. On the **Stacks** page, select the solution’s installation stack. Depending on what options you enabled for the deployment, the solution creates different AWS CloudFormation stacks.
```

Reviewer 2: @jugal-chauhan: Do we have a link for the different options mentioned on this step?

Author: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/solutions/latest/migration-assistant-for-amazon-opensearch-service/uninstall-the-solution.html

have a look at this documentation

> 3. The stacks must be deleted in the following order:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Delete the stacks in the following order:
```

Reviewer 2: @jugal-chauhan: Are there consequences to deleting the stacks in a different order than the one specified?

Author: Yes, the order is important. Stacks will not get deleted properly since the underlying components are depending on each other.

   
   - **MigrationConsole**
   - **TrafficReplayer**
   - **CaptureProxy**
   - **CaptureProxyES** (only available for demo install)
   - **ReindexFromSnapshot**
   - **MigrationInfra**
   - **NetworkInfra**

4. On the **Stacks** page, delete the **bootstrap stack**.

> 5. Choose **Delete** for each of the previous stacks.

Reviewer 2: This step feels redundant. My impression is that:

- In Step 3, you delete the stacks in the listed order on the **Stacks** page.
- In Step 4, you delete the **bootstrap stack** last. 

What other stacks are you deleting in Step 5?

```suggestion
5. Choose **Delete** for each of the previous stacks.
```

Author: Feel free to have a look at the AWS implementation guide documentation.
In step 5, I am just providing guidance on pressing the delete button - we are not deleting any stacks here.
Step 3 and Step 4 enlist them all.

To remove all the CDK stack(s) which get created during a deployment you can execute a command similar to below within the CDK directory

```bash
cd deployment/cdk/opensearch-service-migration
cdk destroy "*" --c contextId=<CONTEXT_ID>
```
{% include copy.html %}

Follow the instructions on the command-line to remove the deployed resources from the AWS account.

The AWS Management Console can also be used to remove Migration Assistant resources and confirm that they are no longer in the account.

## Uninstalling Migration Assistant for Amazon OpenSearch Service

You can uninstall the Migration Assistant for Amazon OpenSearch Service solution from the AWS Management Console or by using the AWS Command Line Interface. Manually remove the contents of the bucket that matches `cdk-<unique id>-assets-<account id>-<region>` created by this solution. Migration Assistant for Amazon OpenSearch Service does not automatically delete S3 buckets in case you have stored data to retain.

> ### Steps to delete the CloudFormation stacks:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Author: what is the change here ? There are 2 ways to delete these stacks, from the cli and from the aws management console.

Author: looks good
